SPEAKER 0
The academic and Uh, because any violation of the research and the integrity. Will give us uh some trouble, uh, serious trouble. So this is, I guess this is the reason that we put this lecture at the beginning of the semester because it's usually we put the most important thing at the beginning, right? Um, OK. Uh, before we begin the content of the lecture, uh, there's some uh the main, uh, notification. So first, we are going to We should have our tutorial this week, but because of the cyclone, I think we are going to postpone all the tutorials to next week. Uh, and, uh, I believe Alina will give you some further instruction about the tutorial. I think you're going to be marked in the tutorial. Um, so definitely we're going to find a way to, uh, To give you the tutorial uh for this week and uh you're going to Uh, get a mark, uh, during the tutorial. Uh, and before you go to the tutorial, I suggest you to go to the learning resource in the blackboard, and we have the tutorial handout. Uh, basically, it's just on reading materials. So please read the materials before you go to the tutorial. Uh, in this case, you have a general sense, you have the general idea of what's what's going to happen in the tutorial. Uh, and this week, uh, yeah, and we don't have a tutorial this week, but, uh, the, the tutorial topic for this lecture is about academic integrity and the plagiarism. Uh, we have this interesting online, uh, interactive, uh, teaching tool, teaching and learning tool. I'm not sure they are developed by UQ but uh this is a link. We should use it uh in the offline teaching. Uh, so you can just, you can chat with the lecturer during the lecture during the course, during the class, and uh uh you can type, if you have any idea, if you have any uh comment, concern, complaint, you can just type your The simple word in the, on the website. So the lecturer can uh look at those uh your comment uh uh uh in time. But because we are using Zoom today, so I think we have the easier way to do this is that you can just type your question in the chat window of Zoom. So it's not necessary to use this, uh, these links, but if you want, you can just uh click, there's a hyperlink, you just click the link and uh uh Uh, see what's going to happen, yeah. OK, so before we go to the topic of integrity, academic integrity, so first of all, I hope you can think what is academic integrity. And what is research integrity and what is ethic research. So, I think we, I'm going to give you 21 to 2 minutes, and think of uh the, the definition of integrity and could you please just type your uh thinking in the chat window, uh, so we can have an open discussion. 1 to 2 minutes. So what could be the academic integrity? What could be the definition, or what would be the opposite case of Uh, academic integrity, yeah. If you have any idea, you can just type your thinking in the chat window. OK. Good. We have some volunteer. Plagiarism, ex, copy other people's results, excellent. Any other answer? Any other thinking? Plagiarism AI. Um, OK, I think for AI the university has uh I think quite open attitude toward AI. So we're going to talk about the AI issue later in this lecture. Uh, at this moment, uh, we are allowed to use AI, we allowed to use AI, um, So, just uh let you know that the university does not prohibit the usage of AI. Uh, yeah, copy other's paper, uh, do not acknowledge other people's work. Uh, integrity, giving credit to others when they're using their ideas. Excellent. We acknowledge other people's work. If you are using their idea, we definitely, we need to reference, acknowledge, copy essay data fraud, important. Yeah, data fraud is a Kind of uh academic uh integrity issue. Uh, data manipulation, excellent, citing incorrectly, excellent, excellent, excellent. I think most of you guys have, have a very good idea about academic integrity and uh obviously you have the general sense about this issue. Excellent. Excellent. OK, so, um, we're going to talk about this, uh, the definition of academic integrity and the, the field, the scope of this, uh, of this academic integrity, especially the definition in Australia in UQ, OK. Good. Let's keep moving. So before we talk about integrity, first of all, we will talk about ethics. So what is ethics? So basically, ethics, if you go to the, the, the dictionary that like uh Oxford Dictionary or Cambridge uh dictionary, you find the definition of ethics, you are going to find the ethics is basically a set of morals. And what is moral? Moral basically moral is just our personal view of what is right and what is wrong, right? For example, in, in, in China, we have lots of social moral like we have to respect our, our parents, we have to respect the, the elder people, we respect our teacher and so on. So these are the social moral and the ethics, based on the definition of the dictionary is a set of morals. However, in Some specific field we have more specific, more serious, more rigorous definition for ethics. OK. So basically, in academic or in other uh professional field, The ethics are the rules made by some professional people and or organisation to guide the behaviour of the members in this society, in this organisation to do some kind of research or business. So, for example, so that means for different fields, we have different ethics made by the professional people in that field. For example, in, in medicine, we have medical ethics and uh basically the medical physic um the medical ethics. emphasise how we treat the patient, how we keep the patient's confidence, and uh how we get, get, make the patient get their best interests and so on. And in, in, in legal, we have the legal ethics, for example, we, for the legal ethics, we focus on the standard like the client, client confidential, the conflict of interest, and so on. So different fields have different standard definition of ethics. Uh, Similarly, in academic, we have our academic ethics and uh in other words, the academic Integrity So before we go to the definition of academic integrity, first of all, I want to share a story, interesting story from the father of academic integrity, Professor Donald. Uh, so Professor Dano is, people call Professor Dana as the father of academic integrity and uh he wrote lots of papers, articles about this topic. Uh, in one of his paper, He wrote some interesting things, so. I give you the uh first page of the paper. The paper is titled Academic Dishonesty and Educational Opportunity. You can find this paper online. I, I think it's open access paper. Um, In this paper, he wrote, Some sentence. Let me read this sentence for you. He wrote, I was, oh sorry, I was informed that exams would be unported that on every exam, I would have to affirm that I had not cheated or see anyone else cheat by signing a pledge. Which I can still recite for beating almost 40 years after my graduation, and that all alleged violations of the code would be addressed by a student on a committee. So this is a sentence written in his paper, this paper. It's very interesting, right? So, Professor Donald, uh, he was born in 1944, so when he was starting his bachelor, I think it was 1960. In 1960s, When people went to an exam. The exam was not doctored. There's no invitation. So what people need to do is that after they finish the exam, they just swear. They just swear that they did not cheat or they did not see anyone cheat in the exam and then sign your paper. And uh it's done. No invigilation, unprotected. So this is what people do exam in 1960s. And uh interesting, later in this paper, Donald wrote, during my four years at Princeton, I never observed, suspect, or heard of anyone cheating, although there were at least some minor transgressions of the code. So you see, In this kind of environment, in this kind of culture, People did not cheat. And uh. They don't need any ethic code, they don't need any academic integrity definition. They don't need any rules. They just swear that. They don't cheat. They didn't see anyone cheat and sign a paper and that's all, and they don't cheat. You see, this is the glory days, right? This is the glory days. Um, so, I think before we go to the The of academic integrity before we introduce what is academic integrity before we introduce all the conditions, all the rules of academic integrity, I want you to think. Why, Professor Donald, a person, a student who studied in such an environment. Transformed into The father of academic integrity. Right. This is an interesting question. I, I hope we, we can think about this question. Why this guy transformed into the academic, the father of academic integrity? Knowing that he was starting in such a beautiful glory environment of academia, OK. So, Academic integrity has its own definition and the international institutions give us the definition of academic integrity. They give us few terms to define the academic integrity such as honesty, trust, fairness, respect, responsibility, and courage. And you can find the link of this uh international institution of academic and uh you can find the detailed explanation of all these terms. And for research integrity, we have So different, basically, different countries, different regions have their own definition of research integrity or academic integrity. For example, in Singapore, Singapore has its own definition of research integrity, such as they define integrity as honesty, accountability, professional courtesy, good steership. Uh, and this is the link for this, uh, Singapore research integrity definition. So if you're interested, you can just click the link and go to their page. You can find the detailed definition of the, uh, of their research integrity. The most important thing in our lecture is that we need to understand the definition of research integrity in Australia. Uh, you know through there. Uh, the research integrity is defined by HMRC and the ARC. So HMRC is the National Health and Medical Research Council and the ARC is the Australian Research Council. So these two organisations, these two institutions define the research integrity in Australia. So basically, they give us 12345. They give us 5 terms regarding the research integrity. The first term is honesty, fairness, respect, accountability. These 4. Aspects are similar to the international and the Singapore definition. And the second term is reader. The reader is very important in research. Uh, and I think in different fields, we have different approach to, to explain what is rigour or rigorous research. For example, I think most of you guys, some of you guys uh are doing computer science, doing AI. So we know that uh when we are training a new network, we should, after the network is trained, we should do some validation like cross validation. We should not just pick up the network that comes from the best airport. We should do the cross validation and uh uh calculate the confidence interval to To pick up the new network and so on. So this is kind of uh rigorous method approach to do the rigorous research, rigorous research. So, basically means we do not just pick up the good result, we should also investigate the bad results and find the reason and we should also release the bad results. Although they are bad, but we let the people know that this approach. Uh, does not give us the perfect result. We do not have perfect algorithm. We do not have perfect approach. Um, so we give all the results we have. We do not hide the bad result just and just release the good result. So this is kind of uh rigorous research. And transparency means we have to uh make our research transparent. I know uh this is uh ongoing. Topic in research field because um some people, for some reason, they cannot release their code, they cannot release their data. But this basically, this is the trend, the general trend that is, we should make our research transparent. Well, we, we, we publish our data, we publish our, our code, so other people can reproduce our result. Uh, and in this course, we are going to, uh, introduce some tools to publish our data and the code such as GitHub, uh, and some other tools. We're going to talk about these things, uh, later in this course. And the recognition We recognise the right of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people to be engaged in research and that effect or is of any significance to them. So this is very unique in Australia, in Australia. So we acknowledge and recognise the right of Aboriginal people and the islander people from Torres Strait. Uh, and we promote our research culture. The research culture in Australia is very, I feel it's very good, uh, excellent. So we promote this kind of research culture. We keep our research culture and uh we try to let other people know that we have a very good, excellent research culture in Australia. Um, so this is a link for the That can guide you, direct you to the uh uh this definition of research integrity in Australia. Um, And this, uh, research integrity definition applied in many, many fields such as data management, uh, peer review, collaboration, authorship, conflict of interest, uh, supervision of, uh, student, and so on. Uh, we're going to talk about some of this field, uh, in this lecture, uh. But we're not going to go over all the aspects. And the UQ The more important thing is that In addition to the definition from uh Australian Research Council, we have the definition of research integrity from UQ. And uh where you could develop its own code for research integrity, ethic, and uh It's, it's very detailed definition, uh, uh, lots of documents and uh we're not going to go through all these documents in this lecture. So we'll give you the link. If you have time, I highly suggest you to read those documents that give you the definition of research integrity. Um, and it's our responsibility to encourage you, uh, to encourage the student to follow those, uh, uh. Integrity to follow the ethic code. And of course, we should not cheat in any forms of assessment and we must ensure that uh we do not plagiarism. We do not plagiarise, OK. So this is some kind of like uh uh affirmation, right? Like uh just like what the Princeton University did in 1980 that we need to affirm ourselves that we do not cheat. We are not going to cheat and we, we did not cheat. Um, And we have the academic integrity module. Uh, it's a training module, uh, and because you all enrolled this course REIT 6811, so you have to, uh, finalise uh this uh module. It's a training module and we will give you the link for the module. Uh, so please, when you have time, please click the link. The link will direct you to the learning module. So, basically, it's just uh the online learning platform. So you can uh uh read some slides and then uh uh at the end of the slide, you're going to have some questions. So you just answer the questions, basically just some multiple choice questions. So so you answer the questions and uh Eventually, you're going to have 20 questions and you have to get uh more than 90% accurate uh correct correct answer, then you, you, you finish the, the module. So, when you have time, please go to the link, click the link and uh finish the module. This is compulsory for this course. So please finish it as soon as possible, OK. Um, So Planning and uh planned research is very important. Um, so, Before we introduce the uh how we follow the research academic integrity. So probably the first thing we need to think is that why we have this research integrity issue, why people violate the research integrity. Right? Um. So, probably I'll give you 1 to 2 minutes to think about this question. So, why we have this integrity issue, why some people violate or break the, the research integrity, they break the ethic code. So why? What, what could be the reason? Uh, so I give you 1 to 2 minutes, please think about this question and uh please type your answer in the chat window. OK, we have one answer, quick answer. Political pressure, good, not necessarily political pressures, but uh just any kind of pressures, right? Uh, not necessary to be political. Uh for example, uh, uh. OK, so this is some realistic uh case. Uh, there's some students, they are not in a good mood to study. Uh, for example, they have some fight with their parents, they just break up with his girlfriend or her boyfriend, so they're not in a good mood. This is normal. Uh, this is, this is normal in everybody's life, but the deadline is in the coming day. Uh, so, We're in the huge pressures, so we need to catch up the deadline. We need to pass the course. The tuition fee is so expensive, so I have to do something to avoid the, uh, the failure of the course. So I, so I go to some uh violation of the integrity. OK. Academic pressures, excellent, uh. The the academic life in the university is very, you know, uh, is very challenging. Uh, so emotional investment in the project, yes, emotional issue, uh, peer pressure for performing good. Um, yes. Yes, so, but I have a suggestion for this issue. Uh, just do our own business. We don't need to worry about other, what other people doing. Uh, we just do, do our business, right? We just try our best to get the best grade that we can. Um, we don't need to really look at other people's performance, right? Um. Uh, time constraint right, tongue constraint, the assignment in UQ is, uh, quite heavy. Yeah, and some people don't enjoy research and just want to take short card, yes, short card, unintentional plagiarism, accident, unintentional plagiarism. Sometimes we do not want to have plagiarism. We do not want to plagiarise other people's work. However, we just do not know the correct way to reference other people's work, to acknowledge other people's work. So, unconsciously, we plagiarise, we, we have plagiarism. So excellent, this unintentional plagiarism. OK, I think uh most of you guys have a very good idea about the reason of the violation of research integrity. So one way. One way to avoid the violation of research integrity is to have a good plan of our research. As some of you have mentioned, Timing or the time pressures is one of the main reason. For having the violation of integrity, right? I have 4 assignments in this. For example, I have 4 assignments in 1 week. The deadline is uh in 1 week and uh it's quite heavy. So definitely I cannot finish all the 4 assignments just in one week. However, Most probably, I face this situation because I do not have a good strategy. To finish my assignments. So please have a good plan of your research, your study. Uh, before. You, uh, uh, before the release of all these assignments. And you could actually, you could have some good suggestions about the planning, research planning. And uh here's the link again, it's in the research integrity module. So please uh check this link and uh Go to the module. During the learning of the module, you are going to uh learn some good strategy, a good approaches to make your plan of research. So, if you have a good plan of the research, uh, you can avoid somehow avoid the having the unnecessary violation of research integrity, right. Yeah and uh a good research can include we have a good hypothesis uh of, of our research. For example, at the beginning of our of our research, for example, if you are going to do a thesis project and uh uh sometimes the supervisor asks you to define your topic of your thesis project and uh in this case, we have to make some Assumption of our project, right? So we have to make a reasonable assumption, reasonable hypothesis, right? For example, you, we shouldn't say like we're going to build a time machine. It's not possible, right? At least based on our current technology, we're not going to build a time machine, right? So something like this, so we have a reasonable hypothesis, we have a reasonable goal. Then we can have a reasonable project. Uh, we avoid, we avoid to put ourselves in the violation of the, the integrity, research integrity. And uh we understand what kind of things, what kind of data, what kind of equipment we need to use in our project because some of the data, some of the equipment. If to use some of the data and some of the equipment, we need to get approval from some certain institution. For example, if we want to have some use some data from the human or from animal, we need to get the ethic approval from, from UQ or from the uh other institution. So, we first, we understand what kind of things we need in the uh in our project, in our research, and then we check if those things. To use those those things, should we get approval from other institutions? OK. And uh uh we confirm the professionals and other agreements before the project begin like uh the IP issue, especially the IP issue is very important uh when we are doing a project with our industrial partner. Uh. I have my personal experience, a personal case that is, uh, I, I did a project with an industrial partner from uh from 2019 to 2023. It was a four year project and uh um I developed some algorithms. Um, they are very good at algorithms. So, eventually, I want to publish my, my algorithm. I want to write a paper and publish my, my work. And at the end, the company, my partner told me I cannot. Publish my, my work because they, they claim that they own the IP of my work. And uh they did not allow me to publish any outcome from my research because I was working with them and uh they told me I sign, I signed a form to agree all the conditions from then and one of the condition is that the company own all the IP of my research outcomes. For this reason, I cannot publish anything. Um, so this gave me lots of, uh, uh, Troubles because as a researcher in the university, we always need to publish the paper uh to prove our performance. Uh, we need publication to get a grant, we need to get promotion. So publication is very important for us. I spent 4 years, uh, in the project, but I cannot publish anything from this project. Uh, that means I have a quite a big gap in my research career, 4 years gap without any outcome. Um, So this is uh my personal case. The reason is that I did not carefully read their agreement, their conditions before I build the collaboration with the industry partner. Uh, so before we do the project research with the company, we need to read their conditions agreement very carefully. Read every conditions, every statement in the document. And uh uh we should. Uh, maximise our own benefit, right? Uh, we should keep our own benefit. So, Please be careful and I think the best solution is to find professional people to help us. And the UQ has organised the, the department to do this way it's the UniQuest. The UniQuest is the UQ department that do this kind of things for the researchers. So, whenever we do project with industry partner, always seek the advice from professional people like UniQuest, uh, and uh Uh, your supervisor, they are very experienced in these issues. Uh, data storage and the measurement, we're going to talk about data storage later in this, uh, course. So it's very important because, um, um, especially we are in the School of Computer Science electric engineering, so, uh, we need to do a lot of coding and uh to do coding, we need the data and we need to keep our data uh uh safe and uh transparent, and so on. Uh, we have the conflict of interest. So conflict, conflict of interest is not a direct violation of research integrity, but just some possible, uh, violation of research integrity. Uh, so we have 3 different definitions of conflict of interest. The first is the actual conflict. So this is very obvious that, uh, for example, a person, sorry, a person has a competing interests that directly conflict with the duty and the responsibility. And we also have the potential conflict and the perceived conflict. I think the perceived conflict is very, is not so easy to uh To define or to be uh uh to be filled. Uh, let me give you some example. For example, we have the personal, we have the uh personal relationship, uh, Uh, for example, uh, one of my relatives, uh, for example, my uncle, my uncle's, uh, uh, daughter, my uncle's daughter come to UQ and uh she's looking for a project. Uh, and my uncle just called me that, uh, to see if I can supervise, uh, uh, her daughter, uh, his daughter. So this is the conflict of interest. I cannot be the supervisor of my uncle's daughter because uh we have the personal relationship. Uh, the student is one of my relatives, so I cannot be uh her supervisor. So this is quite obvious. Uh, and we have the private interest like uh external business interest, financial or otherwise. For example, uh, I was running a business, I, I wrote, uh, some very good textbook and, uh, I'm selling my textbook. And uh at the meaning, uh, at, at, at the same time, I'm a lecturer in the university and uh Uh, I open a course that needs to use the textbook. Then I, uh, force my student or I persuade my student to buy the textbook that is selling by my company. So this is a conflict of interest and it belongs to the private interest because uh I uh I asked the student to buy the textbook written by myself and uh selling by my company. So, so this is uh uh uh a conflict of interest. And some personal benefit may cause the conflict of interest. This is, I think this is also obvious, so we should not receive any gift from our colleagues or students. This is kind of bribery, right? So I think it's easy to be defined. And the researchers themselves. May also uh have the conflict of interest. For example, uh, I was in a, uh, I was in a project and uh uh uh I need to give uh uh the, the result uh by end of this week, but I haven't got any good result. Uh, so I just change my result. I manipulate my result from bad to good. And then I report the manipulated result. So definitely this is uh uh conflict of interest. Um, and the commercialization of financial can lead to the conflict of interest. So It's not necessary that it doesn't means, uh, it doesn't mean that we should not do any commercialization or research translation into industry. It's just like they, we have the potential to have interest of conflict when you're doing the uh commercialization. So my suggestion is that whenever we want to do the commercialization of our project, we look for the advice from the professional people, from the our lawyer, the, uh, solicitor. And uh if we are at UQ, we have the Uniques to help us to deal with this commercialization issue. Some common contexts uh for conflict of interest include supervising students, for example, uh, Uh, my, my uncle's, uh, daughter is, I, I, I, I, I cannot be the supervisor of my uncle's daughter, and accepting funding from certain sources, um, this does not mean that we cannot accept any funding from other. organisation or institution, we need to report. We cannot accept any financial support from other organisation without reporting this funding to the university, OK? So, as long as we report the funding from other organisations, as long as we have detailed documents, we record the document, it's OK. We can have the funding from external uh organisation or institution, but keep in mind, always report. This funding to the university. And conducting research, of course, we should not manipulate our data. We should not just report the good result, we should also report the bad result. Actually, actually, sometimes the bad result give us, uh, it's very valuable. The bad result is not rubbish. Bad results are very valuable in research. It gives us lots of information, OK. Uh, and the promotion committee, uh, and the peer review. And these are the main uh situation that we're going to have the conflict of interest. Um, So, how to avoid the conflict of interest? Always remember, report any possible conflict of interest. And if you do not, if you do not really, uh, if you're not confident that if you are facing a conflict conflict of interest, please talk with your supervisor, talk with the manager of the school, or talk with any senior staff in the school. So I believe they are going to give you a very good advice. And uh um yeah, so, uh, YouTube has a number of automatic reporting procedures for competing uh the interest. Uh, for example, uh, I think every year we need to uh submit the form. That uh report uh to you any possible conflict of interest during our research. For example, if I'm working with an external organisation, if I'm receiving uh uh financial support from other uh organisations and so on. Uh, so remember, always report the possible conflict of interest to the university and talk with your professional, uh, the senior professional people. Um, assume that we have to deal with the conflict, conflict of interest by ourselves. There are some steps to follow. Uh, The first, the easiest way to deal with the conflict of interest is to register, uh, which means we disclose and establish the detail of the conflict. We report the possible uh interest of conflict, uh, in our document and we, we find the, uh, the solicitor and the lawyer to give us the advice. We follow all the uh the legal steps. So this is the easiest way. And uh this is also the best situation. This is the best situation, OK. A little bit worse this situation is that we restrict some members in our project to be involved in the, in the project because probably that member has the direct conflict of interest uh to this project. So we have to restrict uh restrict. Their involvement or their uh activity in the project. Uh, and the The worst situation is that we have to recruit a new person in this uh project that who has no conflict of interest, uh. To recruit the new We recruit new people in this project, in the, in the research to avoid having the conflict of interest. And uh the, the best situation, the bad scenario is that we have to remove uh the people. Uh, from the project, totally remove, uh, remove them from the project, uh, because of the conflict of interest and uh we Uh, in the even worse situation that we need to relinquish, uh, the, the The individual or the parties, organisation that run from the project and the, the, the worst situation is that we resign, we resign from the projects. OK. Uh, so hopefully we can Uh, or the best, uh, my advice is that we just go to the first step. We register all our, uh, uh, project, uh, the, the, the detail of our project, uh, to the organisation and uh we make sure that we follow all the uh all the conditions and all the codes. Uh, and there are some examples of the conflict of interest cases, uh, happened, I think not just in UQ but happened in other university. If you're interested, you can just click the link and uh there are some good case studies. OK, uh, the Bruno, uh. I think uh all of you guys have to finalise a journal for each of the lectures, right? So, here are the journal of this lecture. Uh, I'm going to, I think Alina told me, I'm going to give you 5 minutes to read all these cases and uh uh figure out your answer to this, uh, to these cases. So the first case, a UQ staff member has equity in a company that is competing for a large project within the staff member school. However, the staff member is not involved in the selection process and their professional contact with the company will be limited during their role at UQ. This is the first case, and second case, academics on a committee that approvals, approves faculty promotions, and either spouse of a candidate opt to promotion. And the last case is the researcher has successfully commercialised the product based on IP at UQ and the external company granted the right to produce and sell the product. Uh, the researcher will get a share in the financial benefits from UQ based on the UQ policy, and they have also been engaged in by the company as a uh as a paid consultant. So, Uh, consider the 3 cases and uh I leave, I will leave 5 minutes to you so you can write some general idea of these 3 cases. Uh, I think these are part of the, uh, the assessment of, of, of the course, right? Yeah, so I will give you 5 minutes. Yes, uh, I think so. Uh, so the journal in lecture should be submitted by the end of this week, uh, the lecture week. So, I think you need to submit the journal by end of this Friday, which means However, I think, I guess some of you guys might be affected by the cyclone, which means probably you're not going to have the power or internet connection in the coming 2 days. Thursday, I, I heard that Thursday and Friday will be the most serious days. Um, so, Probably you cannot submit the journal by this Friday because of the cyclone. You, you, you, your lack of the power or your lack of the internet. Uh, in this case, um, Um, yeah, so in this case, I, I will talk with Alina. Uh, we have the weekly meeting on, uh, on Monday, so we will talk about this issue. But try your best to submit the the journal by this Friday. Uh. best knowledge, we're not going to have a serious effect from the cyclone today. So if you can, please submit the journal by end of today because we don't know what's going to happen on Thursday and Friday. The Thursday and Friday could be quite bloody. Hopefully, we don't have a bloody days uh on. Thursday and Friday, but in case that we have serious weather and the situation in Thursday and Friday, then uh I will talk with Alina to see if we can uh postpone the submission of the journal. For this lecture, OK. Yeah. So my suggestion is that uh try your best to submit the journal by end of today because today should be OK. Oh, OK. Yeah. Uh, and if you have any question, concern about the this journal activity, the 3 cases, you can just type your question in the chat window. Yeah, we can have some open discussion. But I'm not going to give you the direct answer, right? Yeah, I can give you some clue. Uh, give you some direction to answer, answer these three cases, but I'm not going to give you the direct answer, OK. Uh, yeah, and we need to describe, describe what our strategy could be used to mitigate this. Uh, remember this, we have the We have the R strategies. We have 1234566 Rs. OK. Yeah, so please try your best to apply these R strategies in these three cases. Uh, I've I think so, um. Yeah, the question is, since we cancelled this week tutorial, we don't need to do the tutorial handout. Um. I'm not a close coordinator, so. I, I don't have the confirmed answer. I feel we do not need to do the handout. However, I, I think uh the the tutors upload uh some video uh for the tutorial to the blackboard. Um, so, um, Uh, I, I suggest that you, you, uh, you, you, you send the email to Alina. She is the coordinator and ask if you need to do the tutorial handout, OK. I cannot give you the confirmed answer. No, this is not a tutorial handout. The journal activity is separate from the tutorial handout. Uh, I think tutorial handout is Just for the tutorial and the journal activity is for the lecture. There are two different things. However, both of them will be assessed and uh used as the uh belong to the final mark of your, of your, of your course. Yeah. So, please send an email to Alina or put a post in the ED discussion board. Ask if you need to do the tutorial handout this week, OK? OK, so you go to the uh uh blackboard system, so you go to the, OK, so let me show you how you how we do it. First dog sharing and uh I share my screen again. Google Chrome. Can you see my screen now? Yeah, can you see my screen now? The, the, the, the, the Google browser? Yes, good. So, we go to my UQ. We go to my UQ and then here we have the learn UQ. Uh, So you should Prompt with the window to ask you to give the username and the password, and you just use your UQ username and your own password. And then you go to this page, uh, and we select the research method. And uh here we have uh a panel on the left side, then we go to the learning resources, OK? And here we have the lecture journals. So we click it. And uh because I'm not a student, so I, I, I cannot write anything, but you should be able to, you, you should be able to uh write something uh here uh in your uh. In your journal, yeah. Uh, excuse me? OK. Uh, yeah, so just check the learning resource and go to the lecture journals, OK? And then you, you should be able to uh write something because I'm a student, so I don't have this, uh, you know, I don't have this, uh, options. OK. Is this clear? OK, good. OK, stop sharing. Return back to the slide. But Yes, we are going to read your journals, your answers to the journals, and then we're going to assess your journal, the, your, your response to the journal, OK? And it's a part of your final grade. Yeah, sure, sure. You can list only one strategy or multiple strategies. If you think uh the case needs multiple strategies, you can just use as many as you want, OK? This is an open question. These are the open questions. I think. I think there's no deterministic answer. Yeah. So just write anything you believe is correct. Yeah, uh, it's better to write a reason. It's better to write a reason. Do not just list the Do not just list the, the term of the strategy. For example, do not just write register for the first case and uh resign for the for the last case, OK. Please give your reason, give your thinking. We want to see the thinking, OK. We do not want to see the the the the answer. The answer is not very so important, but the thinking, the way you think these cases are the most important thing, OK. I missed the lecture diary, and I just finished it. Lecture one. Yeah, please, please, please finish the journal of lecture one as soon as possible. Uh. I'm not sure, I'm, I'm not sure if we are going to have uh some uh extreme situation uh tomorrow and the day after tomorrow because the cyclone seems to be quite serious. So it's possible that you're going, you, you, we don't have power, we have some power shortage or we have some internet issue uh on Thursday and Friday. So probably you don't have the chance to upload the, uh the journal. So please do it as soon as possible. It's better to finish this by the end of today. Yeah. Yeah, you don't need to write an essay for, for the, for each of the case. So just a few sentences, uh, one or two sentences, I think it should be OK. Yeah. But if you have time and if you uh if you want, you can write, uh, Kind of essay for each of the case, just Write your thinking, your idea about the three cases, OK. Uh, I'm not sure what you mean, what do you mean by more marks? You mean the bonus mark? No, and you're not gonna, we're not going to have a bonus mark for the journal, um. Yeah, definitely. If you have a good uh answer, if you have a good uh response to those cases, you're going to have the full mark uh but uh you're not going to have the bonus mark, OK. So we don't set up bonus mark for this uh lecture journal. Um, yeah, so actually, the strategy, you see, the our strategy is not just the, the The definition of the conflict of interest. It also define the uh the action. That the, the people who involved in the conflict of interest should do, right? For example, this recruit means basically means the, the, the, the person who is involved in the conflict of interest should recruit the other people to, to do the project and so on, uh, like resign the worst situation that the, the, the, the person who is involved in the conflict interest should resign from the project. So this is kind of action that uh we, they need to do. Yeah, I think, uh, Uh, we, we, we would, uh, we have the, definitely we have the rubric for, for the lecture journal, um. Uh, and, uh, uh. Uh, because I'm not a, I'm not the person who marked the journal, so, uh, I'm not sure, I, I don't know the detail of the rubric, but I think you can check the, the, the, the quote profile. And uh there should be some rubric. For the, for the journal assessment. OK. Uh, actual conflict is something that's easy to be, uh, to be judged. For example, uh, again, uh, My uncle sent his daughter to UQ and uh asked me to be the supervisor of his daughter. Uh, so this is the actual conflict. If, if I agree to be the supervisor of his daughter, so this is the actual conflict because I cannot supervise my relatives, OK. Uh, perceived conflict is something that's not uh easy to be judged. Um, especially in the commercialization, in the commercialization, uh, there are lots of legal terms, uh, legal conditions. Uh, The violation of some of them, some, some of them, some of the conditions in, in the commercialization might uh include might result in the conflict of interest. And those conditions, those uh agreements are not easy to be defined, to be judged by, by us because we we're researchers, we are not like law, we are not students in the law school, right? We are not the expert in this legal things. So, In this case, we need to find, seek the advice from professional people to give us advice. Yeah. Is this clear? OK, good. Uh, yeah, and uh. Again, uh, click this link, I think, uh, In the, in this link, they have the list some examples of the conflict of interest, some cases, uh, some of the cases are the actual conflict of interest and some of the case are the perceived conflict of interest. So you can look at those cases, then you have a better feeling, a better sense of uh what is the actual and what is the perceived conflict of interest. Um, OK. I think you should be able to find the rubric for the marking of the assessment. Uh, if you can't, please, uh, post, uh, Uh, uh, post a question on the ED discussion board. Uh, so you go to the, OK, so. Let me share my screen. So you go to the Google Chrome, yeah. OK. Uh, so here we have the, again, we go to the My UQ and we go to the, uh, the course website uh course page. And here we have the ED discussion board and uh go to the ED discussion board and you can Just ask questions in this ED discussion board like you can open a new thread and you can just say it's about uh assignment. Uh, and how to. Where to find the rubi for. Uh, tutorial and uh journals answer, OK, yeah, and just post, uh, then, uh, I think the tutors and the, the course coordinator will give you the, the answer, OK. OK, good. Uh, one more question, is it possible to have more than one R? For the problem, yes, yes, you can, you can list the multiple strategy, multiple categories for the case. Definitely. OK, I think we need to keep moving. Let's return back to the slide. Good. Uh, OK, we have the, the rule. Next, we talk about the data, the ownership, and the protection of the data. So, because we are all, OK, so we have another question. What do we need to do? In this Bruno Nothing else right. Uh, I'm not going to tell you which case is. has a conflict of interest and which does not, uh. Uh, this is the, the part of the assessment of your journal activity. So, uh, yeah, but don't worry. So just write as many as you can. If you are not quite sure about the case, you're not quite sure if the case has a conflict of interest, just write your thinking, OK? Uh, write your judgement and the reason. Uh, to make this judgement and, uh, uh, again, the final answer is not the most important thing, but the way you understand the, the, the, the, the concept, the way you understand the problem, uh, is the most important thing, OK. Uh, yes, uh, it's possible that you can have more than one conflict of interest level, uh. So, it's not necessary. To just have one conflict of interest strategy or level for each of the case, you can have multiple levels or multiple strategies. What would be the difference between removal and uh relinquish from a post? Uh, citing the committee. If a member sits in the committee wouldn't. I think removal just means uh uh Um, Liqui uh relinquish, I think relinquish is more related to some legal things. Remove is just uh like uh we don't need to really go to the uh legal uh condition and the relinquish means uh we need to remove the whole party and we need to uh Related to the money issue, the finance issue, OK, so we have we go to uh relinquish. Remove just means um We, we For example, I'm in the project and uh uh the interest of the project is conflict to myself. Uh, then I, the supervisor just remove, remove me from the project and that's all. There's no other uh issues, OK. And the requi means there's some other like legal issue and the finance uh issue. It can be potential of the they become actual. Yeah, it could be, it could be, uh, it could be the case that at the beginning, uh, it's some uh uh potential conflict or perceived conflict and later it evolves to the actual conflict. This is possible? Gonzalez Yes, we do not have. We have a standard answer, of course. Each of the case had a standard answer, but we do not give you the mark just based on the final answer, OK? We look at the way you think about the case. For example, for example, for example, for case one, it belongs to the uh the case of register, for example, And you write, your answer is register and restrict. And you give your reason, you give the, the way you think about this case and you give the, the comprehensive uh uh the reason to, to have this, uh, to have your answer, then uh you will still get the most of the mark, OK. You do not get 0. You do not get 0 because of just because of you got the wrong answer, OK. Is this clear? OK, let's keep going. Um. OK. Good. Uh, the data, um, Yeah. So, usually, if no one finds or provides support to a research and you Look at this. You might own the data. However, uh, this will not be the case in uh in university, OK? Because, uh, usually, if we do the research, if we do the project, we must have a sponsorship, right? For example, the ARC could be the sponsor of our project, the HMRC could be the sponsor of our project, and the university actually sponsor. Uh, to our uh for our project. So, in most cases, we do not own our data. Remember, unless no one finds or provide any support to our research, but this is very real in university. Uh, just in case this is really the case. This is really the situation that you do the research, you generate the data without any financial support, without any personal support from other people, then you might own the data. OK. Uh, and at UQ because we are all staff or students at UQ and UQ supply the support for our study and our research. So our data in most cases belongs to UQ and uh Who are responsible for collecting, store, and uh uh protecting and sharing the data. Uh Remember, never alert, alter the data, never change our data. Always report all the data. Even if the data do not give us good results, but we still report this data. We still put those data in the database or in our uh repository. Uh, we do not remove those data that do not give us good results. Remember, we should uh report all the data that we use in the research. Even if they do not give us good results, this is very important and we need to make sure other people can reproduce or replicate our work by using our data, OK. Yeah, and uh for this, we have the 2nd journal activity. Uh, imagine you have a laptop at the coffee shop with the only copy of your research data on it and you accidentally leave it behind. When you return later, you can find your laptop and none of the stuff in the coffee shop see it. Your laptop is lost and you have lost all the data. What are the appropriate steps that you take in this situation and how can you avoid this kind of situation in the future? OK. So this is the 2nd journal. Uh, I think, again, I'm going to leave 5 minutes to you. Uh, to think about this case and uh write your response for this journal activity. Again, if you have any question, please type your question in the chat window. Yeah, and uh remember, uh, sorry, I forgot to mention that at UQ we have the database, the data repository. We call it uh research data manager system. So this, this is a link, uh, you can go to click this link and uh this link will direct you to the page that uh introduce you how to use this RDM. So this basically, this is the system that uh all UQ researchers are using, so we put all our data in this RDM, uh. And uh this RDN we will store our data and uh uh protect the data from any possible damage. OK. This this coffee shop case study. Let me uh let me remember some joke that is, uh, you know, the famous joke that is my homework was eaten by my dog last night. Uh. OK, I think we have limited time, uh, so we have to keep moving. Uh, if you haven't finished the journal, it's OK. Uh, you can, we have, you have the slide, you have the slide on the uh on the in the blackboard system so you can. Uh, finish it later. Uh, again, I recommend you to upload your, uh, your response by end of today because, uh, tomorrow and Friday will be, uh, uh, we, we probably we will have the, uh, impact from the cyclone. Um, authorship and acknowledgement. Uh, so, You could define the university define what kind of authorship that's, what is authorship and what kind of uh uh uh what kind of work can make a person be involved in the author list. OK. The first, if a person concept uh generate the concept and the designer project, of course, he should be in the author list. And second, if a person Uh, help in the acquisition of the data and, uh, especially the acquisition requires significant intellectual judgement, planning design, then that person should be involved in the author list. So this, this condition, this condition is a little bit tricky, OK. Uh, so for example, If, uh, I'm, I'm designing some algorithm and I need to collect some experimental data to test my algorithm. So I seek the help from my, another, uh, my colleague, uh, to get the experimental data. If my colleague need to redesign the experiment procedure, To collect the data for my algorithm, then you will be in the author list. However, if my colleague just manipulate the experiment instrument to collect the data, then he should not be Uh, in the auto list, OK. So there is a difference. In other words, the operator of the instrument. Uh, should not be involved in the author list. However, if the person redesigned the experiment procedure, redesigned the whole experiment to get the data, then that person should be in on the author list. OK OK. And the third condition, analyse and interpreted the data. Of course, we should put the guy in the author list and uh last, uh the guy who's uh draught most part of the paper should be put in the author list. And for the researcher or for our colleagues that they help in our research but does not, do not meet these conditions, we have the acknowledgement. Uh, at the, at the end of the paper, we put the acknowledgement, we acknowledge their effort, their time in this paper, but we don't put them on uh in the author list, OK. The authorship is very important uh for us, especially for the researcher because uh uh I know this is not very, uh, nowadays, this is uh very uh controversial that should we just judge a researcher's performance purely based on the authorship, like how many Uh, first author paper the researcher has or how many second author paper the researcher has. This is controversial, uh, a debate, ongoing debate. However, it's still important for researcher because in most cases, uh, our promotion, or employment, or salary depends on the, uh, our paper and uh of course, based on the paper that our names on it. On the author list, right? So if I have. 31st author paper in my PhD I'm a genius, basically. People believe I'm a genius, right? Uh yeah, although this is a little bit controversial nowadays, lots of debate. Uh, lots of ongoing debate are happening in community, in academic community, uh, and people are debating that if we really need have to judge a researcher just purely based on the authorship, based on the paper, the number of papers that the author writes, OK. Uh, but again, be serious about the watership. Here I give you an interesting story about the authorship, OK. So, In 1975, a researcher named Heath, he wrote a paper. In the topic of uh the uh the atom behaviour of helium in the low temperature and he published the paper in the journal named the Physical Review Letter. So, Physical Review Letter is a very good journal in physics. I think even Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking published their paper in this journal. So it's a very good journal. And the paper was written by Heath written and FDC Wheeler. Uh, this paper, this was a very good paper and the people are very interested in the result and the uh the, the, the, uh the method in this, in this paper. So, people begin to look at the author. And they found the first author is Hetherington. And Hareton is a physicist and a mathematician from Michigan State University. However, who is Willard? People never heard of Willard. And because this is a very good paper, uh, so people begin to think, OK, Willa must be a very junior researcher and uh he probably he's, he will be a young star in physics, a very potential researcher, very potential physicist. So people want to know who is Willard. People want to see Willard, but they cannot find any information of Willard. So they ask uh the first author, the author has written for some information of Willard, and then has written, send the signature of Willard to everyone. Look at the signature of Willard. So this is Via's signature signature. What's this? What's this? Definitely this is not some the a human's name. It's actually the pa, the pas from a cat. It turns out that via is a cat. He is uh He's cat and Willard is the world's first cat to co-author of physics paper. OK. So why, why Hari put his cat in the author list? Because look at this. At the beginning, Hether written submitted his paper to physics Review letter with him as the sole author. He's the only author in the author list. However, look at the sentence he wrote. At the beginning of the paper, he, he wrote, we have been able to both and uh we solve the main field. Uh, and so on. So he used way and we note that specific blah blah. He used the way in the paper, throughout the paper. So this is a plural first person. And the reviewer criticised this writing because the reviewer noticed that He was the sole author in the author list. So he should use singular. The first singular version of the first person. He should not use the plural. So, the reviewer criticised this writing issue and he asked, uh, the reviewer asked his return to revise. The whole paper, change the first person plural to first person singular. And that time, it was 191975. So we do not have Microsoft Office. We do not have Word. We do not have, we do not have even have personal computer, I think. So it's not easy to change. Uh, the whole paper. Just by just changing one word in the whole paper, it's not easy. So Heri does not want to spend the time on changing some simple word in the paper. So what he figured out is that If he use the first person plural in the paper, he can add a second author in his paper. Then he does not need to change the paper, right? And uh then he looks at his cat. So, obviously, uh, his cat is his best friend in his research. So he looked at his cat and uh the cat, his cat got a name, uh, he named his cat Willard, so he put Willard, uh, in the paper. So Willa becomes the world's first cat who wrote a physics paper and the paper was published in the top one journal in physics. OK. So this is an interesting story. Uh, OK, I'll give you this story not because I encourage you to put your dog and the cat's name in your thesis. OK. Please do not put your dog and the cat's name in your thesis. Um, be serious to the authorship, be serious to the authorship, although, currently we have lots of debate about the authorship, but uh we still need to be serious about the authorship and we have the definition for, for the authorship. OK. OK. And uh uh avoid plagiarism. I think this is the most important uh issue that uh interest most of you guys. Uh, plagiarism is very serious at UQ. Uh, we have, we, we, we, we, we had some cases that students face major reading issue and uh Uh, it was a very serious plagiarism, uh, issue, so we had, we had to report the, uh, the case to the, to the school, uh, and the school, uh, investigate the, the, the issues and uh appealed to the student. Um, so, yeah, please, uh, be serious to this plagiarism. And if you have the Definition of plagiarism, very clear definition of plagiarism. The plagiarism does not just mean that we copy and paste other people's work. Uh, it involve a lot of other things like we use other people's, uh, interpretation of the idea, we misrepresenting other people's idea, uh, or others. It, it's not just copy and paste, but the representation, if we do not have appropriate representation of other people's work. Then we have the plagiarism, OK? We're going to talk about this issue later uh in this lecture. And we have the link here uh about this uh plagiarism issue. So if you are interested, please uh click the link and it will direct you to the page that uh uh talk about the plagiarism. Um, So we, if we have to use other people's idea, if we have to use other people's research outcome, we have to reference the work. We need to let other people know the work is not from our ours. It's not our original work. This is actually the work done by other people and we have to reference. We need to acknowledge other people's work and this is very um Important and we have lots of ways to reference other people's work. And because we are all students in the school of uh electrical engineering and computer science, so in most cases, we use the reference style from IEEE. Uh, so, uh, if you're not familiar with this IEEE reference style, you can just go to the website of I just go to Google and you search IEEE reference style. And uh there's a website. From IOE and give you very detailed instruction about the IO style reference, OK. So please look at the uh reference style for IOE. This is the the main reference style that we're going to use in our school because We are electrical engineering and computer science school, right? So we use the IEEE style. But of course, we have lots of other styles like we have, I think we have the Harvard style, we have, we have a Chicago style, we have the, I'm not ATA or some, some, some other styles. Uh, yeah, if you are interested in other styles, you can just, um, yeah, uh, go to this link and uh it will give you some information about the reference style. AI. Uh, We are allowed to use AI at UQ. UQ does not prohibit students from using AI. So that means you can use CEEPD, you can use DeSeek, you can use other AI tools in your thesis. However, as long as you use the sentence, generated from AI you need to cite, you need to add a reference, OK? So this example, this example, you need to cite uh this sentence is from AI, OK. However, however, I do not encourage you to use AI in your thesis writing. Uh, you can use AI to help you in the coding to solve some coding issue. However, please do not use AI to help you generate idea, OK? This is very important. At this stage, AI has not been able to give us reasonable, reliable new idea. OK. So AI is a very good tool to help us in the writing, uh, in the coding. If you have any error message from your MT lab, from your Python, then you can just use AI to help you solve the issue. However, please try your best to avoid using AI to generate new idea for your thesis, OK? In the situation that you have to use a sentence from the AI you need to cite, you need to add a reference that indicate this sentence, this part of your thesis is generated by AI is from AI, OK? And this is the, the, the citation, this is the example. And please Look at this link, click this link, look at policy from UQ about the usage of AI. How do we reference AI and uh what kind of things that we can ask the help from AI and what kind of things that we should not ask the help from AI? OK. So why is academia and research integrity so important? Let's look at some case study. So first, let's look at this paper. It was published in 29, 2009. Um, it was published in International Journal of Industrial uh omics. So, the authors published this paper in 2009 and two years later, they published A second paper as a correction. As the correction of this paper they published in 2009. This is not good for the researcher. This is not good. The worst situation for researcher, for researcher's paper is that their paper got extraction, withdrawal, commented by other researchers, or they have to publish a second paper to correct their one of their papers, OK. This is a very bad situation for a researcher. However, they, they did this, they have to do this. Why? Because Some people find that in their original paper. Laws and sentences. Directly from other people's paper. Look at this, look at this sentence. They wrote a large scale computer system that would determine and negotiate uh negotiate with flight crews, airline operations, managers, and air traffic for near optimal four-dimensional trajectory. Exactly this sentence is exactly the same as the sentence appeared in a paper published in 20 2006. Although they add a citation, they include the inline citation of the paper. However, they did not change a single word from the sentence. It's basically it's just a copy and paste of the sentence without any quotation. Therefore, this is a serious plagiarism and this is not the only case in the paper. There's actually uh other 23 similar cases in the paper. So later they have to add a quotation. They have to add a code mark for the sentence. So this is a sentence that exactly the same identical to the paper published in 26 on page 2 and page 895. OK. So this is a serious issue and uh To have this situation is very bad for the researcher. And uh Yeah, so this is a case study. So you see, plagiarism doesn't means we do not reference other people's work. It can have lots of meaning. For example, in this case, although the authors, they referenced the original paper, they add citation of the original paper. However, they did not paraphrase the sentence from the original paper. They directly used the sentence from the original paper and this is a plagiarism. OK. To use the original sentence from the paper, from a paper written by other people, we need to have the code mark. We need to add a quotation. The code mark and we do not Recommend you to have too many quotations from other people's paper, OK? Please try your best to paraphrase, to paraphrase the sentence from other people's paper. Do not Try your best to avoid having quotation from other people's paper, OK. OK, so let's discuss how might this situation have happened. Who would have been hurt and how could the situation been avoided? Please type your thinking in the chat window and uh we have open discussion. If we want to cite a long sentence in our article, we can't just copy all the content we need and paste with correct citing. Yes, correct. If we, if we have not once, OK, if we have to cite a long sentence exactly the same as the original paper, we need to add a quote mark. And add the inline citation and add a reference in the reference list. However, we should always keep in mind, we should avoid having a direct quotation from other people's paper. Please always try our best to paraphrase other people's sentence, OK. summarise rewrite our words but cite later. Like words and sentence. Yes, sure, sure. Uh, we can summarise and paraphrase, rewrite other people's sentence and then uh In IEEE, We need to add, if we use actual style, we need to add the inline citation but without author's name, just an index of the reference and then we add the full information of the paper in the reference list. OK. It is clear? OK, yeah, please, uh, think how, how might the situation have happened and who have been hurt by it and how could the situation have been avoided. Yes. Yeah. So paraphrase means we need to first we understand other people's sentence and we either summarise their sentence or we rewrite their sentence by using other language. But this is quite, this is very, this needs some skill. So, we have the guest lecturer from Stuart, uh, he Uh, our original plan is that, uh, still will give you the lecture about the paraphrase by the end of my lecture this week. However, because the cyclone, uh, he postponed his presentation to next week. So, please attend the next lecture, the next week lecture, and the steward will give you a presentation, half an hour presentation to help you understand what is paraphrase and how do we do the paraphrase, OK? So next week, next week. OK, because we have limited time, uh, I think, uh, I'm not going to wait for your ideas about this case. So first, how might the situation have happened? I think my, my idea is that the reason of having this situation is that the author, the author, uh, did not have a clear idea about uh quotation. Because I, I think the author, they are, they are professional researchers. So the author uh noticed that uh the sentence, this sentences from other people's paper and they, they did cite the paper, they did include the reference, however, I think they did not realise that they need to do the paraphrase. Uh, probably they feel that they feel that. Uh, they, they can use other people's sentences, they just add a reference, they just add the citation, it's OK, but actually, it's not OK, OK. Uh, we, we, we, we always need to paraphrase other people's sentence. There's a multiple idea of other. Yes, yes. Uh, if the sentence, OK, so if you are paraphrase two sentences and the two sentences are connected to each other, cascaded with each other, then just add the inline citation. At the end of the last sentence, OK? You don't need to cite the, you don't need to include the inline citation by the end of every sentence. If the two sentences they are next to each other, you, you just add the inline citation by the end of the last sentence. However, if the sentence, if the two sentences are separate from each other, you need to add the inner citation by the end of each sentence. OK. It is clear? OK, good. uh. And who, who would have been hurt by it? Of course, the people who got hurt by the case is the first author, right? Not just the first author, actually all the authors, because this is a paper written by 1234. 123 by 3 people, by 3 people. So I believe all the 3 people got hurt by by this. By this serious mistake. And also the journals, the journal's reputation got hurt by, by this kind of things because uh this is a journal from SV and the SVL is a very good publisher in academia. So the reputation of the journal got hurt and uh I think the author of the original paper got hurt because um His work got plagiarised by other people. How could the situation have been avoided? Yeah. So, understand the importance of paraphrase. We should always understand the importance of paraphrase and uh uh be careful about our writing. Can we use some tools to make citation or reference? Yes, yes, yes. And not very good uh tool and uh uh you can also use other tools uh by text and so on. We're going to introduce, we're going to talk about the reference to, uh, next week. So we're not going to talk about reference to this week. But next week, we're going to talk about the end node and how do we do the reference, OK. Yeah, so, yeah, the consequence is that the author, I'm not sure if they are, he is the first author or the second author, but the author got uh lost their job, his job. He got failed uh by his university because of this, uh, because, because of this uh uh uh mistake. And uh I want to emphasise the importance of self-plagiarism. I believe many of you guys. Do not realise we have the self-plagiarism issue. So what is self-plagiarism? So self-plagiarism is that I write, I publish one paper with me as the first author. Then I'm writing my second paper. In my second paper, I directly use the sentence from my first paper, published paper. You might feel it's OK, right? I believe most of you guys feel this is OK because I used the sentence written by myself. It should be OK. However, this is a plagiarism. We call it self-plagiarism. OK. So, we cannot directly use the sentence written by ourselves in our previous paper, in our new paper without any citation, without any reference. OK. So this is a plagiarism. We call it self-plagiarism. Why, you might be confused why, why we do not have the right to use our own sentence. This is because first, As long as our paper got accepted by a journal, then we lost the copyright of our paper. For example, if our paper got accepted by IEEE, then we need to sign a copyright transfer paper. We need to sign the paper, the form. The the name of the form is called copyright Tra Transformation. We transfer the copyright from ourselves to IEEE, the publisher. Therefore, we do not have the copyright of the sentence that we wrote in our published paper. OK, so this is the first reason. It's OK that uh you can have one or two sentences in your journal answer. It's OK. Uh, what if I don't publish the paper? Of course, yeah, if you, if you do not publish the paper, uh, it's your private work, definitely, you can use the same sentence, the same language. However, as long as the paper, your paper got published. Then we cannot use the same sentence again in our newspaper because in most cases, we do not have the copyright of our published paper. The copyright belongs to the publisher, OK. So this is the first reason. The second reason As long as we publish the paper, As long as we submit the paper, the reviewer, the reader will assume that all the content in our paper are original and novel content because this is the paper, it's a research paper, academic paper. The purpose of the research and academic paper is to publish original and novel idea, original and novel discovery. original and novel approach to the public. OK. So people assume that all the sentences we wrote in our paper are are original and novel. For this reason, we cannot just directly copy and paste our previous sentence in our newspaper because These sentences from our previous paper have been published, so they are not original, they are not novel. OK. So if we want to use the sentence, From our previous paper that has been published, we need to add a citation, we need to add a reference, we need to paraphrase the sentence to make people realise that this sentence is not original, this sentence is not novel. This is a sentence from the previous work, although that work is from the author himself, OK? So please be aware of this self-plagiarism. I believe many researchers, they do not, they do not realise the self-plagiarism issue, but we have this self-plagiarism issue, OK. Uh, data fabrication. I think this is very obvious. Uh, we should not manipulate our data. We should not fabricate our data. Uh, we have a very serious case happened at UQ in 2021. Uh, I think I remember, I still remember during that day, I went to the group meeting and my supervisor. He was very serious at that day. Uh, at the beginning, I was worried because I'm, I was afraid that uh I did something wrong. So, uh, so my supervisor was not happy but it turns out that because of this story, this, uh, these things, uh, at that, at that at that time, a professor at UQ. He and his team fabricated uh some data, uh and uh they published the, the, the, the paper, the paper by using the fabricated data and the paper got accept. Uh, by a very good journal in the world, uh, but eventually, it turns out that the external researcher, uh, realised that the data looks are normal, uh, looks unnatural. So they doubted the data, uh, was not generated by the real equipment, but it's actually generated by uh by humans. Uh, yeah, so they ask for the source of the data. And uh I'm not sure if the, uh the, the, the, the that group gave uh published the data, but eventually it turns out that The data was manipulated, was fabricated. So this is a very serious issue happened at UQ. And you can even see that uh the, the response from different people uh regarding this issue and uh Uh, it happened at, uh, Queensland Institute of Medical Research QIMR. So, uh, you, as you know, uh, the medical institution at UQ is very, very good. The UQ's research ability about medical, biomedical, biotechnology is excellent. I think top, top 20 or even top 10 in the world. Um, So, it definitely, it's the uh it's a brand of UQ. Uh, uh, it's a symbol of UQ, but, uh, this kind of things happened. So, uh, it's very bad, uh, uh, uh, it's very bad for the institution. It's very bad for UQ's reputation. Um, so as a result, I think the professor got, uh, resigned from his position. Uh, and, uh, uh, the QIMR initiated lots of investigations and, uh, uh, consequently, they did lots of reform and, uh, reform and reform to avoid having uh similar cases in the future. Um. Yeah, so even the professor, even the famous professor in the world can have this, uh, can make this kind of mistake. So, That means it is very serious and the UQ consider this case very serious, very serious. I can tell you. UQ is very serious about the plagiarism issue, the data fabrication issue, and so on. So, please try, we should not uh fabricate our data. Uh, I know we are facing lots of pressure. We are facing the pressures from graduation or facing the pressures of looking for a good job, looking for a good position, or facing pressures to uh uh to win a scholarship and so on. So we always want to have a good outcome. We always want to have an excellent result to prove ourselves. However, we should Understand there's a bottom line. There's a bottom line in research. That is, we cannot, we cannot fabricate the data. We cannot manipulate the data, we cannot plagiarise other people's work. We publish the data, although the data does does not give us good results, we still publish the data, we explain the reason why this data does not give us good results. It's OK, it's OK. It's not possible to have perfect algorithms. It's not possible to have perfect theory. OK. All the theories have the flaw and we face the flaw, we acknowledge the flaw, we acknowledge the bad results. This is a part of research, OK? This is a part of the research. Uh, I think we do not have time to discuss the three questions, uh, but I think I can leave it as a homework. So please look at the case, the second case, it happened at UQ just happened next to us. So think about which party which breached the code and how. Smith is a professor. His name is Smith, I think, uh, what his name? Uh, his name is Mark Smith. So Smith, so who breached the code? Smith breached the code. With flow, the code or QIMR which is the code. So think about the question and who have been hurt by it and how could the situation be avoided, OK? We don't have time to go through all the discussions, but uh please think about the three questions, uh, after the lecture. Yeah, and uh uh eventually, QMR pay the huge price for this mistake. And uh undertook the damage to their reputation and so on, but the good side, the good side is that later the institution made some reform to avoid having similar situation in the future, OK. Yeah, and uh we have the uh the, the movement, the open science movement regarding the integrity. So nowadays, uh, so that means we are, uh, uh, we hope we have this kind of, uh, uh, movement that we hope all the researchers can publish. Their data and publish their code. Uh, for this reason, for this reason, we have GitHub, right? We have the GitHub to, to publish all the researchers' work and uh I, to my best knowledge, uh, for in most of the computer science conferences, uh, the conference, or the journal require the researcher to share their data and code in the public domain. If they don't, if the researcher do not agree to share their data or code in the public domain, then their paper will not be reviewed. Their paper will not be reviewed by reviewer. OK. So, this is an ongoing movement in the academia. I, I think this is a good movement, right? So this is a very good, uh very good trend. And we encourage the open science. Uh, nowadays, we have lots of open access journal. Again, there are some debate against the quality of open access journal. Uh, however, however, uh, I, my personal idea is that I support the development of open access journal because this, those open access journals increase the transparency of the research work. uh, so people have the chance to, to reproduce the, the other people's research, right? Uh, yeah, so reproduction of other people's research work is a serious issue in current nowadays, believe me. Uh, I, I, I think I read a survey, I read a survey a few, a few years ago, like, I don't know maybe 2 or 3 years ago. Uh, the conclusion was that uh more than 90% research outcome cannot be reproduced. So this is a a crazy number. Uh, but just in some fields, not the overall field, OK. So just in some fields, in some research field, more than 90% of research outcome cannot be reproduced. Um, yeah, so we hope that we have more transparency about uh for our research and, uh, uh, people can, can cross validate, right? Just like in machine learning, we have a cross validation. We have the K4 course validation. Uh, so, hopefully, in research, people people can cross validate other people's work. OK. Yeah, and uh I think that's the end of today's lecture. Before I finish this lecture, I want to return back to this. Slide. The slide With An article from the father of Research Integrity, Professor Donald McKay. He passed away in 2016. However, Reid. I hope you can read his article and look at the sentences. You see, I add the quotation, OK, right? I add the code mark because this is the original original sentence from his paper and I add the reference the citation. See? Um, so think about The story written by the father of academic integrity. Think about the old glory days when people trust each other, when people have the sense of honour. Right? When people go to the exam without any invigilation. And uh people do not cheat in the exam. OK. Think about this, why we need this condition, why we need those rules, ethical nowadays, why people do not need these things. Like 150 years ago, but they don't cheat. OK. So this is an open question for you guys and uh if you have time, please think about it. OK, with this, I think we finished today's lecture. Uh, Again, I hope you stay safe in the coming days. And uh if you are facing any challenges and difficulty, please seek for the other people's help. Uh uh uh. So, yeah, that's all. uh. So, see you next week. Yeah, see you next week. Bye.
